CSE648: Privacy and Security in Online Social Media
Fall’17
Assignment 1

Ques 1) ​ Using Twitter API
Collect at least 10,000 tweets using keywords : #PanamaPapers and #FakeNews (should be
case insensitive). Use twitter search api (REST API) for this. Do the following analysis on both
hashtags separately.

	a) Make separate histograms of top 20 most frequent words in tweets.
	b) Make a pie chart to analyze the percentage of tweets from each country.
	c) Make a time series graph from your data in which x axis is the time and y axis is number
	of tweets tweeted at that time. You can take range of values for x in terms of week or
	month.
	d) Analyse the data in terms of WHAT these tweet contains. You can present this analysis
	in form of pie charts. Example x number of tweets contained images, y number contained
	urls etc.

	Try to draw inferences from this instead of just reporting graphs and numbers. Compare the
	analysis you have drawn from both hashtags.

	Note : Make sure you collect only english language tweets. Do not include stop words in your
	analysis. Filter out all repetitive tweets.

Ques 2) ​ Using Facebook API
Using Facebook Graph API, given an access token :

	a) Collect the list of friends of user
		i)Make a pie chart of the locations and % of friends belonging to it
		ii)Make a pie chart of languages known by friends
		iii)Make a time series graph in which x axis is the month and y axis is the number of
		friends having their birthday in x monthb) Collect the posts on the timeline of user.
	
	b) Collect the posts on the timeline of user.
		i)Analyze the count of reactions and the frequency of words present in the post
		and draw some inferences.
	
	c) Given the access token of User A, can you collect the above information for User B? If
	yes, how?

Ques 3)​ Compare Twitter and Facebook API in terms of the Rate Limits and data they let you access.
	
Bonus Question
Given a twitter ID, print the very first tweet (you are free to explore and try out different methods but the
response should be in real time from your script and printed on console)

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Following are the commands used to execute the scripts provided with the dataset.

Q1.

a) $ python twitop20.py
b) $ python pie.py
c) $ python ts.py panamapapersq.json; $ python tspp.py fakenewsq.json 
d) $ python pie2.py

Q2.

a)
	1. $ python p1a.py
	2. $ python pa2.py
	3. $ python pa3.py
b)
	
	$ python pa4.py

Bonus Question:

$ python bon2.py ponguru

Libraries used:

	facebook,json,jsonpickle,tweepy,requests,numpy,matplotlib,nltk,collections,numpy,re,string

All the libraries can be installed using the following command:

	$ sudo pip install library_name
